Backport of Support x-forwarded-client-cert  into release/1.12.x (#12941)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/config-entries/mesh.mdx

        },
      ],
    },
    {
      name: 'HTTP',
      type: 'HTTPConfig: <optional>',
      description: 'HTTP configuration for the service mesh.',
      children: [
        {
          name: 'SanitizeXForwardedClientCert',
          yaml: false,
          type: 'bool: <optional>',

>           description: `Set the envoy \`forward_client_cert_details\` option to \`SANITIZE\` for all proxies. This
>                         configures Envoy to not send the \`x-forwarded-client-cert\` header to the next hop. If
>                         unspecified or \`false\`, the XFCC header is propagated to upstream applications.`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          description: `If configured to `true`, the \`forward_client_cert_details\` option will be to \`SANITIZE\` for all Envoy proxies. As a result, Consul will not include the \`x-forwarded-client-cert\` header in the next hop. 
                        If to \`false\` (default), the XFCC header is propagated to upstream applications.`,
```
Am I understanding this correctly? Is that clearer?

          name: 'SanitizeXForwardedClientCert',
          yaml: false,
          type: 'bool: <optional>',

>           description: `If configured to `true`, the \`forward_client_cert_details\` option will be to \`SANITIZE\` for all Envoy proxies. As a result, Consul will not include the \`x-forwarded-client-cert\` header in the next hop. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          description: `If configured to `true`, the \`forward_client_cert_details\` option will be set to \`SANITIZE\` for all Envoy proxies. As a result, Consul will not include the \`x-forwarded-client-cert\` header in the next hop. 
```
